---
layout: post
title:  "I'm back"
date:   2016-01-09
category: sitelog
---

Hey, guess what? I got a job doing front end web development! "UI Developer" is my official title. Now my days are filled with HTML, CSS and Javascript! Best. Job. Ever!

That was actually a while back, I sort of forgot about making this blog thing happen. That whole "...constant work in progress" thing at the bottom is slightly inaccurate...

Anyway, I'm back!

[Where I left off][day2] was adding images to posts... I didn't quite say *how* to do it though. 

*huh.. guess I never figured out how to link to posts. [Maybe I should start there!][lmgtfy-post-links]*

Ah let's see, I learned how to show highlighted code in [the first post][day1], does it work?

No. It doesn't. I give up. I can't really show jekyll code in jekyll without it trying to interpret it as jekyll. Github builds it differently than local too, so I have no idea. Syntax highlighting doesn't seem to work for markdown (as 'mkd' or 'md' as stated [in the docs](https://github.com/jneen/rouge/wiki/List-of-supported-languages-and-lexers)). Also, I could escape it here but not there. Fuck it. Onward.

Oh, to make an image show up, use [markdown syntax][markdown-syntax] as you normally would to display the image. *Except* to link to an image in the /img/ folder you need to use the site.url [variable][variables], then /img/ and the file name. 

Similarly, need to use the post_url variable to link to posts. Sweet sweet links, they are what make a webpage a webpage.

Ya know, I think I want these posts in a folder called sitelog...

Wait!


---

Note to self, please [figure out livereload][live-reload]. This whole F5/Ctrl-R business is for the birds!

---

Had to figure out how to style those \<hr\>'s 

Pretty cool that Sass is built into jekyll, pretty lame that sourcemaps aren't on by default! Ugh. I guess some sass: settings in _config.yml? I can't figure it out though.

Anyway, I moved the posts to their own folder, guess what? the links to them still work! Okay, good feature.

Except it doesn't build on github? hmmm.

<!--links-->

[lmgtfy-post-links]:	http://bfy.tw/3eJF/
[live-reload]: 			http://dan.doezema.com/2014/01/setting-up-livereload-with-jekyll/
[markdown-syntax]: 		http://daringfireball.net/projects/markdown/syntax
[variables]: 			http://jekyllrb.com/docs/variables/

[day1]: {% post_url 2015-02-18-lets-get-started %}
[day2]: {% post_url 2015-02-19-day-2 %}